org/springframework/core/testfixture/security/TestPrincipal.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.security.TestPrincipal
org/springframework/core/testfixture/stereotype/Component.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.stereotype.Component
org/springframework/core/testfixture/stereotype/Indexed.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.stereotype.Indexed
org/springframework/core/testfixture/xml/XmlContentAssert.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.xml.XmlContentAssert
org/springframework/core/testfixture/io/buffer/LeakAwareDataBuffer.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.io.buffer.LeakAwareDataBuffer
org/springframework/core/testfixture/TestGroup.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.TestGroup
org/springframework/core/testfixture/env/EnvironmentTestUtils.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.env.EnvironmentTestUtils
org/springframework/core/testfixture/env/MockPropertySource.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.env.MockPropertySource
org/springframework/core/testfixture/io/buffer/LeakAwareDataBufferFactory.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.io.buffer.LeakAwareDataBufferFactory
org/springframework/core/testfixture/codec/AbstractDecoderTests.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.codec.AbstractDecoderTests
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.codec.AbstractDecoderTests$InputException
org/springframework/core/testfixture/io/ResourceTestUtils.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.io.ResourceTestUtils
org/springframework/core/testfixture/io/buffer/AbstractLeakCheckingTests.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.io.buffer.AbstractLeakCheckingTests
org/springframework/core/testfixture/codec/AbstractEncoderTests.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.codec.AbstractEncoderTests
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.codec.AbstractEncoderTests$InputException
org/springframework/core/testfixture/TestGroupsCondition.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.TestGroupsCondition
org/springframework/core/testfixture/JavaUtilLoggingConfigurer.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.JavaUtilLoggingConfigurer
org/springframework/core/testfixture/io/buffer/AbstractDataBufferAllocatingTests.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.io.buffer.AbstractDataBufferAllocatingTests
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.io.buffer.AbstractDataBufferAllocatingTests$ParameterizedDataBufferAllocatingTest
org/springframework/core/testfixture/Assume.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.Assume
org/springframework/core/testfixture/xml/XmlContent.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.xml.XmlContent
org/springframework/core/testfixture/EnabledForTestGroups.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.EnabledForTestGroups
org/springframework/core/testfixture/io/SerializationTestUtils.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.io.SerializationTestUtils
org/springframework/core/testfixture/TimeStamped.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.TimeStamped
org/springframework/core/testfixture/io/buffer/DataBufferTestUtils.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.io.buffer.DataBufferTestUtils
