org/springframework/core/codec/ResourceEncoderTests.java
 org.springframework.core.codec.ResourceEncoderTests
org/springframework/tests/MockitoUtils.java
 org.springframework.tests.MockitoUtils
 org.springframework.tests.MockitoUtils$InvocationArgumentsAdapter
org/springframework/core/annotation/subpackage/NonPublicAliasedAnnotatedClass.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.subpackage.NonPublicAliasedAnnotatedClass
org/springframework/util/LinkedMultiValueMapTests.java
 org.springframework.util.LinkedMultiValueMapTests
org/springframework/core/annotation/OrderUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.OrderUtilsTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.OrderUtilsTests$NoOrder
 org.springframework.core.annotation.OrderUtilsTests$OrderAndPriority
 org.springframework.core.annotation.OrderUtilsTests$SimpleOrder
 org.springframework.core.annotation.OrderUtilsTests$SimplePriority
org/springframework/util/concurrent/ListenableFutureTaskTests.java
 org.springframework.util.concurrent.ListenableFutureTaskTests
 org.springframework.util.concurrent.ListenableFutureTaskTests$1
 org.springframework.util.concurrent.ListenableFutureTaskTests$2
org/springframework/util/xml/StaxEventXMLReaderTests.java
 org.springframework.util.xml.StaxEventXMLReaderTests
org/springframework/util/ClassUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.util.ClassUtilsTests
 org.springframework.util.ClassUtilsTests$1
 org.springframework.util.ClassUtilsTests$2
 org.springframework.util.ClassUtilsTests$3
 org.springframework.util.ClassUtilsTests$InnerClass
 org.springframework.util.ClassUtilsTests$OverloadedMethodsClass
 org.springframework.util.ClassUtilsTests$PrimitiveTypes
 org.springframework.util.ClassUtilsTests$SubOverloadedMethodsClass
 org.springframework.util.ClassUtilsTests$WrapperTypes
org/springframework/core/annotation/AnnotationEnclosingClassSample.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationEnclosingClassSample
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationEnclosingClassSample$EnclosedInner
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationEnclosingClassSample$EnclosedInner$EnclosedInnerInner
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationEnclosingClassSample$EnclosedOne
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationEnclosingClassSample$EnclosedStatic
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationEnclosingClassSample$EnclosedStatic$EnclosedStaticStatic
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationEnclosingClassSample$EnclosedThree
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationEnclosingClassSample$EnclosedTwo
org/springframework/core/codec/ResourceDecoderTests.java
 org.springframework.core.codec.ResourceDecoderTests
org/springframework/core/ConventionsTests.java
 org.springframework.core.ConventionsTests
 org.springframework.core.ConventionsTests$TestBean
org/springframework/core/convert/support/GenericConversionServiceTests.java
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$1
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$ColorConverter
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$EnumWithSubclass
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$EnumWithSubclass$1
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$ExampleAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$MyBaseInterface
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$MyBaseInterfaceToStringConverter
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$MyConditionalColorConverter
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$MyConditionalConverter
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$MyConditionalConverterFactory
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$MyConditionalGenericConverter
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$MyEnum
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$MyEnumBaseInterface
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$MyEnumInterface
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$MyEnumInterfaceToStringConverter
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$MyInterface
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$MyInterfaceImplementer
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$MyStringArrayToIntegerArrayConverter
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$MyStringArrayToResourceArrayConverter
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$MyStringToGenericCollectionConverter
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$MyStringToIntegerArrayConverter
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$MyStringToIntegerCollectionConverter
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$MyStringToRawCollectionConverter
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$MyStringToStringCollectionConverter
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$NonConditionalGenericConverter
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$StringToMyEnumBaseInterfaceConverterFactory
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$StringToMyEnumBaseInterfaceConverterFactory$StringToMyEnumBaseInterfaceConverter
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$StringToMyEnumInterfaceConverterFactory
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$StringToMyEnumInterfaceConverterFactory$StringToMyEnumInterfaceConverter
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$UntypedConverter
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.GenericConversionServiceTests$WithCopyConstructor
org/springframework/core/convert/support/StreamConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.StreamConverterTests
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.StreamConverterTests$1
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.StreamConverterTests$Types
org/springframework/util/CollectionUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.util.CollectionUtilsTests
 org.springframework.util.CollectionUtilsTests$Instance
example/type/EnclosingAnnotation.java
 example.type.EnclosingAnnotation
org/springframework/util/xml/StaxStreamHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.util.xml.StaxStreamHandlerTests
org/springframework/core/type/classreading/ClassMetadataReadingVisitorMemberClassTests.java
 org.springframework.core.type.classreading.ClassMetadataReadingVisitorMemberClassTests
org/springframework/util/ExceptionTypeFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.util.ExceptionTypeFilterTests
org/springframework/util/SerializationUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.util.SerializationUtilsTests
org/springframework/util/SystemPropertyUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.util.SystemPropertyUtilsTests
org/springframework/util/xml/AbstractStaxXMLReaderTests.java
 org.springframework.util.xml.AbstractStaxXMLReaderTests
 org.springframework.util.xml.AbstractStaxXMLReaderTests$1
 org.springframework.util.xml.AbstractStaxXMLReaderTests$CharArrayToStringAdapter
 org.springframework.util.xml.AbstractStaxXMLReaderTests$CopyCharsAnswer
 org.springframework.util.xml.AbstractStaxXMLReaderTests$PartialAttributes
 org.springframework.util.xml.AbstractStaxXMLReaderTests$PartialAttributesAdapter
 org.springframework.util.xml.AbstractStaxXMLReaderTests$SkipLocatorArgumentsAdapter
org/springframework/util/concurrent/SettableListenableFutureTests.java
 org.springframework.util.concurrent.SettableListenableFutureTests
 org.springframework.util.concurrent.SettableListenableFutureTests$1
 org.springframework.util.concurrent.SettableListenableFutureTests$2
 org.springframework.util.concurrent.SettableListenableFutureTests$3
 org.springframework.util.concurrent.SettableListenableFutureTests$4
 org.springframework.util.concurrent.SettableListenableFutureTests$InterruptibleSettableListenableFuture
org/springframework/util/xml/SimpleNamespaceContextTests.java
 org.springframework.util.xml.SimpleNamespaceContextTests
org/springframework/core/io/support/DummyPackagePrivateFactory.java
 org.springframework.core.io.support.DummyPackagePrivateFactory
org/springframework/core/codec/StringDecoderTests.java
 org.springframework.core.codec.StringDecoderTests
org/springframework/util/comparator/CompoundComparatorTests.java
 org.springframework.util.comparator.CompoundComparatorTests
org/springframework/core/LocalVariableTableParameterNameDiscovererTests.java
 org.springframework.core.LocalVariableTableParameterNameDiscovererTests
 org.springframework.core.LocalVariableTableParameterNameDiscovererTests$GenerifiedClass
 org.springframework.core.LocalVariableTableParameterNameDiscovererTests$InnerClass
org/springframework/core/log/LogSupportTests.java
 org.springframework.core.log.LogSupportTests
org/springframework/core/io/ResourceEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.core.io.ResourceEditorTests
org/springframework/core/type/AbstractMethodMetadataTests.java
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractMethodMetadataTests
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractMethodMetadataTests$AnnotationAttributes
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractMethodMetadataTests$DirectAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractMethodMetadataTests$MetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractMethodMetadataTests$MetaAnnotationAttributes1
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractMethodMetadataTests$MetaAnnotationAttributes2
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractMethodMetadataTests$Tag
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractMethodMetadataTests$WithAbstractMethod
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractMethodMetadataTests$WithAnnotationAttributes
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractMethodMetadataTests$WithDirectAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractMethodMetadataTests$WithFinalMethod
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractMethodMetadataTests$WithMetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractMethodMetadataTests$WithMetaAnnotationAttributes
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractMethodMetadataTests$WithMethod
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractMethodMetadataTests$WithPrivateMethod
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractMethodMetadataTests$WithStaticMethod
org/springframework/util/MethodInvokerTests.java
 org.springframework.util.MethodInvokerTests
 org.springframework.util.MethodInvokerTests$1
 org.springframework.util.MethodInvokerTests$Customer
 org.springframework.util.MethodInvokerTests$Greetable
 org.springframework.util.MethodInvokerTests$Greeter
 org.springframework.util.MethodInvokerTests$Person
 org.springframework.util.MethodInvokerTests$Purchaser
 org.springframework.util.MethodInvokerTests$Regular
 org.springframework.util.MethodInvokerTests$Salesman
 org.springframework.util.MethodInvokerTests$Shopper
 org.springframework.util.MethodInvokerTests$TestClass1
 org.springframework.util.MethodInvokerTests$VIP
org/springframework/core/serializer/SerializationConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.core.serializer.SerializationConverterTests
 org.springframework.core.serializer.SerializationConverterTests$UnSerializable
org/springframework/util/InstanceFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.util.InstanceFilterTests
org/springframework/core/type/AnnotationMetadataTests.java
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$1
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$AnnotatedComponent
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$AnnotatedComponentSubClass
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$ComposedConfigurationWithAttributeOverrides
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$ComposedConfigurationWithAttributeOverridesClass
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$DirectAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$EnumSubclasses
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$IsAnnotatedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$MetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$MetaMetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$NamedAnnotation1
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$NamedAnnotation2
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$NamedAnnotation3
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$NamedAnnotationsClass
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$NamedComposedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$NamedComposedAnnotationClass
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$NamedComposedAnnotationExtended
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$NestedAnno
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$SomeEnum
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$SpecialAttr
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$SubclassEnum
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$SubclassEnum$1
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$SubclassEnum$2
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$TestComponentScan
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationMetadataTests$TestConfiguration
org/springframework/core/SimpleAliasRegistryTests.java
 org.springframework.core.SimpleAliasRegistryTests
org/springframework/util/DigestUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.util.DigestUtilsTests
org/springframework/core/type/classreading/SimpleMethodMetadataTests.java
 org.springframework.core.type.classreading.SimpleMethodMetadataTests
org/springframework/util/xml/XMLEventStreamReaderTests.java
 org.springframework.util.xml.XMLEventStreamReaderTests
org/springframework/core/codec/ByteBufferDecoderTests.java
 org.springframework.core.codec.ByteBufferDecoderTests
org/springframework/core/codec/CharSequenceEncoderTests.java
 org.springframework.core.codec.CharSequenceEncoderTests
example/type/AnnotatedComponent.java
 example.type.AnnotatedComponent
org/springframework/core/GenericTypeResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$A
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$B
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$GenericClass
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$IdFixingRepository
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$MyCollectionInterfaceType
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$MyCollectionSuperclassType
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$MyInterfaceType
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$MySimpleInterfaceType
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$MySimpleSuperclassType
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$MySimpleTypeWithMethods
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$MySuperclassType
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$MyTypeWithMethods
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$Repository
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$TestIfc
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$TestImpl
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$TopLevelClass
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$TopLevelClass$Nested
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$TypedTopLevelClass
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$TypedTopLevelClass$TypedNested
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$WithArray
 org.springframework.core.GenericTypeResolverTests$WithArrayBase
org/springframework/core/SpringCoreBlockHoundIntegrationTests.java
 org.springframework.core.SpringCoreBlockHoundIntegrationTests
 org.springframework.core.SpringCoreBlockHoundIntegrationTests$NonBlockingTask
org/springframework/core/env/PropertySourceTests.java
 org.springframework.core.env.PropertySourceTests
 org.springframework.core.env.PropertySourceTests$1
 org.springframework.core.env.PropertySourceTests$2
 org.springframework.core.env.PropertySourceTests$3
 org.springframework.core.env.PropertySourceTests$4
 org.springframework.core.env.PropertySourceTests$5
 org.springframework.core.env.PropertySourceTests$6
org/springframework/core/env/SimpleCommandLineArgsParserTests.java
 org.springframework.core.env.SimpleCommandLineArgsParserTests
org/springframework/core/ConstantsTests.java
 org.springframework.core.ConstantsTests
 org.springframework.core.ConstantsTests$A
 org.springframework.core.ConstantsTests$NoConstants
org/springframework/util/TypeUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.util.TypeUtilsTests
org/springframework/core/SerializableTypeWrapperTests.java
 org.springframework.core.SerializableTypeWrapperTests
 org.springframework.core.SerializableTypeWrapperTests$Constructors
 org.springframework.core.SerializableTypeWrapperTests$Fields
 org.springframework.core.SerializableTypeWrapperTests$Methods
org/springframework/core/io/buffer/LeakAwareDataBufferFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.core.io.buffer.LeakAwareDataBufferFactoryTests
org/springframework/tests/sample/objects/ITestObject.java
 org.springframework.tests.sample.objects.ITestObject
org/springframework/core/env/SimpleCommandLinePropertySourceTests.java
 org.springframework.core.env.SimpleCommandLinePropertySourceTests
org/springframework/core/type/InheritedAnnotationsAnnotationMetadataTests.java
 org.springframework.core.type.InheritedAnnotationsAnnotationMetadataTests
 org.springframework.core.type.InheritedAnnotationsAnnotationMetadataTests$1
 org.springframework.core.type.InheritedAnnotationsAnnotationMetadataTests$AnnotatedClass
 org.springframework.core.type.InheritedAnnotationsAnnotationMetadataTests$AnnotatedSubclass
 org.springframework.core.type.InheritedAnnotationsAnnotationMetadataTests$InheritedComposedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.InheritedAnnotationsAnnotationMetadataTests$MetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.InheritedAnnotationsAnnotationMetadataTests$NamedAnnotation1
 org.springframework.core.type.InheritedAnnotationsAnnotationMetadataTests$NamedAnnotation2
 org.springframework.core.type.InheritedAnnotationsAnnotationMetadataTests$NamedAnnotation3
org/springframework/core/NestedExceptionTests.java
 org.springframework.core.NestedExceptionTests
 org.springframework.core.NestedExceptionTests$1
 org.springframework.core.NestedExceptionTests$2
 org.springframework.core.NestedExceptionTests$3
 org.springframework.core.NestedExceptionTests$4
org/springframework/util/xml/StaxUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.util.xml.StaxUtilsTests
example/type/AspectJTypeFilterTestsTypes.java
 example.type.AspectJTypeFilterTestsTypes
 example.type.AspectJTypeFilterTestsTypes$SomeClass
 example.type.AspectJTypeFilterTestsTypes$SomeClassAnnotatedWithComponent
 example.type.AspectJTypeFilterTestsTypes$SomeClassExtendingSomeClass
 example.type.AspectJTypeFilterTestsTypes$SomeClassExtendingSomeClassExtendingSomeClassAndImplementingSomeInterface
 example.type.AspectJTypeFilterTestsTypes$SomeClassImplementingSomeInterface
 example.type.AspectJTypeFilterTestsTypes$SomeInterface
example/type/AssignableTypeFilterTestsTypes.java
 example.type.AssignableTypeFilterTestsTypes
 example.type.AssignableTypeFilterTestsTypes$JdbcDaoSupport
 example.type.AssignableTypeFilterTestsTypes$SimpleJdbcDaoSupport
 example.type.AssignableTypeFilterTestsTypes$SomeDaoLikeImpl
 example.type.AssignableTypeFilterTestsTypes$SomeDaoLikeInterface
 example.type.AssignableTypeFilterTestsTypes$TestInterface
 example.type.AssignableTypeFilterTestsTypes$TestInterfaceImpl
 example.type.AssignableTypeFilterTestsTypes$TestNonInheritingClass
org/springframework/core/convert/support/MapToMapConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.MapToMapConverterTests
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.MapToMapConverterTests$MyEnum
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.MapToMapConverterTests$NoDefaultConstructorMap
org/springframework/core/ExceptionDepthComparatorTests.java
 org.springframework.core.ExceptionDepthComparatorTests
 org.springframework.core.ExceptionDepthComparatorTests$HighestDepthException
 org.springframework.core.ExceptionDepthComparatorTests$LowestDepthException
 org.springframework.core.ExceptionDepthComparatorTests$NoDepthException
 org.springframework.core.ExceptionDepthComparatorTests$SameDepthException
 org.springframework.core.ExceptionDepthComparatorTests$TargetException
org/springframework/tests/sample/objects/ITestInterface.java
 org.springframework.tests.sample.objects.ITestInterface
org/springframework/core/type/AspectJTypeFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.core.type.AspectJTypeFilterTests
org/springframework/util/PatternMatchUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.util.PatternMatchUtilsTests
org/springframework/util/comparator/ComparableComparatorTests.java
 org.springframework.util.comparator.ComparableComparatorTests
org/springframework/core/codec/ByteArrayEncoderTests.java
 org.springframework.core.codec.ByteArrayEncoderTests
org/springframework/core/annotation/AnnotatedElementUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$AbstractClassWithInheritedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$AliasForBasedSinglePackageComponentScan
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$AliasForBasedSinglePackageComponentScanClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$AliasedComposedContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$AliasedComposedContextConfigAndTestPropSource
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$AliasedComposedContextConfigAndTestPropSourceClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$AliasedComposedContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$AliasedTransactional
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$AliasedTransactionalComponent
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$AliasedTransactionalComponentClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$AliasedValueComposedContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$AliasedValueComposedContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$AliasesWithDefaults
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ClassWithInheritedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ClassWithInheritedComposedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ComponentScan
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ComponentScanWithBasePackagesAndValueAliasClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$Composed
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ComposedImplicitAliasesContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ComposedImplicitAliasesContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ComposedMyAliasedTransactional
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ComposedTransactionalClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ComposedTransactionalComponent
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ComposedTransactionalComponentClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ConcreteClassWithInheritedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ConventionBasedComposedContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ConventionBasedComposedContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ConventionBasedSinglePackageComponentScan
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ConventionBasedSinglePackageComponentScanClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$DerivedTxConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$Filter
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ForAnnotationsClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$GenericParameter
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$HalfConventionBasedAndHalfAliasedComposedContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$HalfConventionBasedAndHalfAliasedComposedContextConfigClassV1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$HalfConventionBasedAndHalfAliasedComposedContextConfigClassV2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ImplicitAliasesContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ImplicitAliasesContextConfigClass1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ImplicitAliasesContextConfigClass2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ImplicitAliasesContextConfigClass3
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ImplicitAliasesWithDefaults
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ImplicitAliasesWithDefaultsClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$InheritedAnnotationInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$InheritedComposed
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$InterfaceWithInheritedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$InvalidConventionBasedComposedContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$InvalidConventionBasedComposedContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$MetaAndLocalTxConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$MetaAndLocalTxConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$MetaCycle1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$MetaCycle2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$MetaCycle3
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$MetaCycleAnnotatedClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$MyAliasedTransactional
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$NonAnnotatedClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$NonInheritedAnnotationInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ResourceHolder
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ShadowedAliasComposedContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ShadowedAliasComposedContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$SingleLocationTransitiveImplicitAliasesContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$SingleLocationTransitiveImplicitAliasesContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$SingleLocationTransitiveImplicitAliasesWithSkippedLevelContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$SingleLocationTransitiveImplicitAliasesWithSkippedLevelContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$SpringAppConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$SpringAppConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$StringGenericParameter
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$SubClassWithInheritedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$SubClassWithInheritedComposedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$SubInheritedAnnotationInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$SubNonInheritedAnnotationInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$SubSubClassWithInheritedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$SubSubClassWithInheritedComposedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$SubSubInheritedAnnotationInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$SubSubNonInheritedAnnotationInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$SubTransactionalComponentClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$TestComponentScan
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$TestComponentScanClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$TestPropSource
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$Transactional
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$TransactionalComponent
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$TransactionalComponentClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$TransactionalService
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$TransactionalServiceImpl
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$TransitiveImplicitAliasesContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$TransitiveImplicitAliasesContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$TransitiveImplicitAliasesWithSkippedLevelContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$TransitiveImplicitAliasesWithSkippedLevelContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$TxComposed
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$TxComposedWithOverride
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$TxConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$TxFromMultipleComposedAnnotations
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$TxInheritedComposed
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ValueAttribute
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ValueAttributeMeta
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ValueAttributeMetaMeta
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotatedElementUtilsTests$ValueAttributeMetaMetaClass
org/springframework/core/annotation/MergedAnnotationsTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AbstractClassWithInheritedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AbstractDoesNotImplementInterfaceWithAnnotatedMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasForAttributeOfDifferentType
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasForAttributeOfDifferentTypeClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasForAttributeWithDifferentDefaultValue
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasForAttributeWithDifferentDefaultValueClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasForBasedSinglePackageComponentScan
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasForBasedSinglePackageComponentScanClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasForNonexistentAttribute
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasForNonexistentAttributeClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasForWithDuplicateAttributeDeclaration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasForWithDuplicateAttributeDeclarationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasForWithMirroredAliasForWrongAttribute
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasForWithMirroredAliasForWrongAttributeClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasForWithMissingAttributeDeclaration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasForWithMissingAttributeDeclarationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasForWithMissingDefaultValues
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasForWithMissingDefaultValuesClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasForWithoutMirroredAliasFor
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasForWithoutMirroredAliasForClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasedComposedContextConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasedComposedContextConfigurationAndTestPropertySource
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasedComposedContextConfigurationAndTestPropertySourceClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasedComposedContextConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasedComposedTestConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasedComposedTestConfigurationNotMetaPresent
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasedComposedTestConfigurationNotMetaPresentClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasedTransactional
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasedTransactionalComponent
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasedTransactionalComponentClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasedValueComposedContextConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AliasedValueComposedContextConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AnnotatedClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AnnotatedClass$NonAnnotatedInnerClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AnnotatedClass$NonAnnotatedStaticNestedClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AnnotatedInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AnnotationWithDefaults
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$AnnotationWithoutDefaults
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$BaseClassWithGenericAnnotatedMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$CharsContainer
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ClassWithInheritedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ClassWithInheritedComposedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ClassWithInheritedMetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ClassWithLocalMetaAnnotationAndMetaAnnotatedInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ComponentScan
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ComponentScanClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ComponentScanSingleFilter
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ComponentScanSingleFilterClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ComponentScanWithBasePackagesAndValueAliasClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$Composed
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ComposedImplicitAliasesContextConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ComposedImplicitAliasesContextConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ComposedMyAliasedTransactional
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ComposedTransactionalClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ComposedTransactionalComponent
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ComposedTransactionalComponentClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ConcreteClassWithInheritedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ContextConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ConventionBasedComposedContextConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ConventionBasedComposedContextConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ConventionBasedSinglePackageComponentScan
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ConventionBasedSinglePackageComponentScanClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$DefaultOverrideAliasImplicitMeta1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$DefaultOverrideClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$DefaultOverrideExplicitAliasRoot
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$DefaultOverrideExplicitAliasRootMeta
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$DefaultOverrideExplicitAliasRootMetaMeta
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$DefaultOverrideExplicitAliasRootMetaMetaClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$DefaultOverrideImplicitAlias
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$DefaultOverrideImplicitAliasMeta2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$DefaultOverrideImplicitAliasMetaClass1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$DefaultOverrideImplicitAliasMetaClass2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$DefaultOverrideMeta
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$DefaultOverrideMetaMeta
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$DefaultOverrideMetaMetaMeta
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$DefaultOverrideRoot
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$DerivedTxConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ExtendsBaseClassWithGenericAnnotatedMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$Filter
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$GeneratedValue
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$GenericParameter
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$GetMapping
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$GroovyImplicitAliasesSimpleTestConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$GroupOfCharsClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$HalfConventionBasedAndHalfAliasedComposedContextConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$HalfConventionBasedAndHalfAliasedComposedContextConfigurationClass1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$HalfConventionBasedAndHalfAliasedComposedContextConfigurationClass2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$Hierarchy
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$HierarchyClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$Id
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ImplementsInterfaceWithAnnotatedMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ImplementsInterfaceWithGenericAnnotatedMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ImplicitAliasesContextConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ImplicitAliasesContextConfigurationClass1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ImplicitAliasesContextConfigurationClass2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ImplicitAliasesContextConfigurationClass3
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ImplicitAliasesForAliasPairTestConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ImplicitAliasesForAliasPairTestConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ImplicitAliasesTestConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ImplicitAliasesWithDifferentDefaultValuesTestConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ImplicitAliasesWithDifferentDefaultValuesTestConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ImplicitAliasesWithDuplicateValuesTestConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ImplicitAliasesWithDuplicateValuesTestConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ImplicitAliasesWithImpliedAliasNamesOmittedTestConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ImplicitAliasesWithMissingDefaultValuesTestConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ImplicitAliasesWithMissingDefaultValuesTestConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$InheritedAnnotationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$InheritedAnnotationInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$InheritedComposed
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$InterfaceWithAnnotatedMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$InterfaceWithGenericAnnotatedMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$InterfaceWithInheritedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$InterfaceWithMetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$InterfaceWithRepeated
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$InvalidConventionBasedComposedContextConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$InvalidConventionBasedComposedContextConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$Leaf
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$Location1ImplicitAliasesTestConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$Location2ImplicitAliasesTestConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$Location3ImplicitAliasesTestConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$LocationsImplicitAliasesWithImpliedAliasNamesOmittedTestConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$Meta1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$Meta2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$MetaAliasedTransactional
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$MetaAndLocalTxConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$MetaAndLocalTxConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$MetaCycle1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$MetaCycle2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$MetaCycle3
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$MetaCycleAnnotatedClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$MetaMeta
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$MetaMetaAliasedTransactional
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$MetaMetaAliasedTransactionalClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$MetaMetaAnnotatedClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$MetaMetaMeta
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$MetaMetaMetaAnnotatedClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$MyAliasedTransactional
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$MyRepeatable
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$MyRepeatableClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$MyRepeatableContainer
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$MyRepeatableMeta1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$MyRepeatableMeta2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$NonAnnotatedClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$NonAnnotatedInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$NonInheritedAnnotationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$NonInheritedAnnotationInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$NullableAnnotatedInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$PostMapping
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$RequestMapping
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$RequestMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ResourceHolder
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$Root
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ShadowedAliasComposedContextConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ShadowedAliasComposedContextConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SimpleGeneric
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SingleLocationTransitiveImplicitAliasesContextConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SingleLocationTransitiveImplicitAliasesContextConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SingleLocationTransitiveImplicitAliasesWithSkippedLevelContextConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SingleLocationTransitiveImplicitAliasesWithSkippedLevelContextConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SpringApplicationConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SpringApplicationConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$StringGenericParameter
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SubClassWithInheritedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SubClassWithInheritedComposedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SubClassWithInheritedMetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SubInheritedAnnotationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SubInheritedAnnotationInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SubMyRepeatableClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SubMyRepeatableWithAdditionalLocalDeclarationsClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SubNonInheritedAnnotationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SubNonInheritedAnnotationInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SubOfAbstractImplementsInterfaceWithAnnotatedMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SubOfImplementsInterfaceWithAnnotatedMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SubSubClassWithInheritedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SubSubClassWithInheritedComposedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SubSubClassWithInheritedMetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SubSubInheritedAnnotationInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SubSubMyRepeatableWithAdditionalLocalDeclarationsClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SubSubNonInheritedAnnotationInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SubTransactionalAndOrderedClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$SubTransactionalComponentClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TestComponentScan
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TestComponentScanClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TestConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TestConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TestConfigurationMismatch
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TestPropertySource
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$Transactional
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TransactionalAndOrderedClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TransactionalClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TransactionalComponent
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TransactionalComponentClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TransactionalService
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TransactionalServiceImpl
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TransactionalStringGeneric
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TransitiveImplicitAliasesContextConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TransitiveImplicitAliasesContextConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TransitiveImplicitAliasesForAliasPairTestConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TransitiveImplicitAliasesForAliasPairTestConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TransitiveImplicitAliasesTestConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TransitiveImplicitAliasesTestConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TransitiveImplicitAliasesWithImpliedAliasNamesOmittedTestConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TransitiveImplicitAliasesWithSkippedLevelContextConfiguration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TransitiveImplicitAliasesWithSkippedLevelContextConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TxComposed
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TxComposedWithOverride
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TxConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TxFromMultipleComposedAnnotations
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$TxInheritedComposed
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ValueAttribute
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ValueAttributeMeta
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ValueAttributeMetaMeta
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ValueAttributeMetaMetaClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ValueImplicitAliasesTestConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$ValueImplicitAliasesWithImpliedAliasNamesOmittedTestConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$WebController
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$XmlFilesImplicitAliasesWithImpliedAliasNamesOmittedTestConfigurationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsTests$XmlImplicitAliasesTestConfigurationClass
org/springframework/core/io/support/EncodedResourceTests.java
 org.springframework.core.io.support.EncodedResourceTests
org/springframework/util/PropertiesPersisterTests.java
 org.springframework.util.PropertiesPersisterTests
org/springframework/util/ResourceUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.util.ResourceUtilsTests
 org.springframework.util.ResourceUtilsTests$1
 org.springframework.util.ResourceUtilsTests$DummyURLStreamHandler
org/springframework/core/SortedPropertiesTests.java
 org.springframework.core.SortedPropertiesTests
org/springframework/core/convert/TypeDescriptorTests.java
 org.springframework.core.convert.TypeDescriptorTests
 org.springframework.core.convert.TypeDescriptorTests$1CustomMap
 org.springframework.core.convert.TypeDescriptorTests$1CustomSet
 org.springframework.core.convert.TypeDescriptorTests$ComposedComposedMethodAnnotation1
 org.springframework.core.convert.TypeDescriptorTests$ComposedMethodAnnotation1
 org.springframework.core.convert.TypeDescriptorTests$FieldAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.convert.TypeDescriptorTests$GenericClass
 org.springframework.core.convert.TypeDescriptorTests$GenericType
 org.springframework.core.convert.TypeDescriptorTests$IntegerClass
 org.springframework.core.convert.TypeDescriptorTests$IntegerType
 org.springframework.core.convert.TypeDescriptorTests$MethodAnnotation1
 org.springframework.core.convert.TypeDescriptorTests$MethodAnnotation2
 org.springframework.core.convert.TypeDescriptorTests$MethodAnnotation3
 org.springframework.core.convert.TypeDescriptorTests$NumberType
 org.springframework.core.convert.TypeDescriptorTests$ParameterAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.convert.TypeDescriptorTests$PassDownGeneric
org/springframework/core/annotation/AnnotationFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationFilterTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationFilterTests$OtherAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationFilterTests$TestAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationFilterTests$WithOtherAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationFilterTests$WithTestAnnotation
org/springframework/core/annotation/subpackage/NonPublicAnnotation.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.subpackage.NonPublicAnnotation
org/springframework/core/io/buffer/DataBufferTests.java
 org.springframework.core.io.buffer.DataBufferTests
org/springframework/util/AssertTests.java
 org.springframework.util.AssertTests
org/springframework/util/xml/XmlValidationModeDetectorTests.java
 org.springframework.util.xml.XmlValidationModeDetectorTests
org/springframework/util/ConcurrentLruCacheTests.java
 org.springframework.util.ConcurrentLruCacheTests
org/springframework/util/comparator/BooleanComparatorTests.java
 org.springframework.util.comparator.BooleanComparatorTests
org/springframework/core/io/support/DummyFactory.java
 org.springframework.core.io.support.DummyFactory
org/springframework/tests/sample/objects/DerivedTestObject.java
 org.springframework.tests.sample.objects.DerivedTestObject
org/springframework/util/Base64UtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.util.Base64UtilsTests
org/springframework/core/io/support/PathMatchingResourcePatternResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.core.io.support.PathMatchingResourcePatternResolverTests
org/springframework/core/type/CachingMetadataReaderLeakTests.java
 org.springframework.core.type.CachingMetadataReaderLeakTests
 org.springframework.core.type.CachingMetadataReaderLeakTests$1
org/springframework/util/StringUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.util.StringUtilsTests
org/springframework/core/annotation/AnnotationAttributesTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationAttributesTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationAttributesTests$Color
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationAttributesTests$Filter
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationAttributesTests$FilteredClass
org/springframework/core/convert/converter/ConvertingComparatorTests.java
 org.springframework.core.convert.converter.ConvertingComparatorTests
 org.springframework.core.convert.converter.ConvertingComparatorTests$1
 org.springframework.core.convert.converter.ConvertingComparatorTests$StringToInteger
 org.springframework.core.convert.converter.ConvertingComparatorTests$TestComparator
org/springframework/util/xml/TransformerUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.util.xml.TransformerUtilsTests
 org.springframework.util.xml.TransformerUtilsTests$1
 org.springframework.util.xml.TransformerUtilsTests$StubTransformer
org/springframework/core/annotation/MergedAnnotationPredicatesTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationPredicatesTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationPredicatesTests$MissingAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationPredicatesTests$TestAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationPredicatesTests$TestAnnotations
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationPredicatesTests$WithMultipleTestAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationPredicatesTests$WithTestAnnotation
org/springframework/core/ReactiveAdapterRegistryTests.java
 org.springframework.core.ReactiveAdapterRegistryTests
 org.springframework.core.ReactiveAdapterRegistryTests$ExtendedFlux
 org.springframework.core.ReactiveAdapterRegistryTests$Kotlin
 org.springframework.core.ReactiveAdapterRegistryTests$Reactor
 org.springframework.core.ReactiveAdapterRegistryTests$RxJava1
 org.springframework.core.ReactiveAdapterRegistryTests$RxJava2
 org.springframework.core.ReactiveAdapterRegistryTests$RxJava3
org/springframework/core/type/AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests.java
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$AnnotationAttributes
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$DirectAnnotation1
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$DirectAnnotation2
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$MetaAnnotation1
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$MetaAnnotation2
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$MetaAnnotationAttributes1
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$MetaAnnotationAttributes2
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$MetaAnnotationRoot
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$TestAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$TestClass
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$TestFinalClass
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$TestInterface
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$TestMemberClass
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$TestMemberClass$TestMemberClassInnerClass
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$TestMemberClass$TestMemberClassInnerInterface
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$TestNonStaticInnerClass
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$TestSubInterface
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$TestSubclass
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$WithAnnotatedMethod
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$WithAnnotationAttributes
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$WithDirectAndMetaAnnotatedMethods
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$WithDirectAnnotations
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$WithMetaAnnotatedMethod
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$WithMetaAnnotationAttributes
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$WithMetaAnnotations
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractAnnotationMetadataTests$WithNonAnnotatedMethod
org/springframework/core/env/PropertySourcesPropertyResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.core.env.PropertySourcesPropertyResolverTests
 org.springframework.core.env.PropertySourcesPropertyResolverTests$1TestType
org/springframework/util/StopWatchTests.java
 org.springframework.util.StopWatchTests
org/springframework/tests/sample/objects/TestObject.java
 org.springframework.tests.sample.objects.TestObject
org/springframework/core/convert/support/ByteBufferConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.ByteBufferConverterTests
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.ByteBufferConverterTests$1
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.ByteBufferConverterTests$ByteArrayToOtherTypeConverter
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.ByteBufferConverterTests$OtherType
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.ByteBufferConverterTests$OtherTypeToByteArrayConverter
org/springframework/core/annotation/AttributeMethodsTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AttributeMethodsTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AttributeMethodsTests$ClassArrayValue
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AttributeMethodsTests$ClassValue
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AttributeMethodsTests$DefaultValueAttribute
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AttributeMethodsTests$MultipleAttributes
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AttributeMethodsTests$NoAttributes
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AttributeMethodsTests$NonValueOnly
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AttributeMethodsTests$ValueOnly
org/springframework/util/xml/StaxResultTests.java
 org.springframework.util.xml.StaxResultTests
org/springframework/core/annotation/OrderSourceProviderTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.OrderSourceProviderTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.OrderSourceProviderTests$1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.OrderSourceProviderTests$A
 org.springframework.core.annotation.OrderSourceProviderTests$B
 org.springframework.core.annotation.OrderSourceProviderTests$C
org/springframework/core/convert/support/CollectionToCollectionConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.CollectionToCollectionConverterTests
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.CollectionToCollectionConverterTests$BaseResource
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.CollectionToCollectionConverterTests$MyEnum
 org.springframework.core.convert.support.CollectionToCollectionConverterTests$TestResource
org/springframework/core/env/CompositePropertySourceTests.java
 org.springframework.core.env.CompositePropertySourceTests
org/springframework/core/annotation/SynthesizingMethodParameterTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.SynthesizingMethodParameterTests
org/springframework/util/xml/StaxSourceTests.java
 org.springframework.util.xml.StaxSourceTests
org/springframework/core/annotation/MissingMergedAnnotationTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MissingMergedAnnotationTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MissingMergedAnnotationTests$TestAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MissingMergedAnnotationTests$TestEnum
org/springframework/core/annotation/AnnotationAwareOrderComparatorTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationAwareOrderComparatorTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationAwareOrderComparatorTests$1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationAwareOrderComparatorTests$A
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationAwareOrderComparatorTests$A2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationAwareOrderComparatorTests$B
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationAwareOrderComparatorTests$B2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationAwareOrderComparatorTests$C
org/springframework/core/annotation/MultipleComposedAnnotationsOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MultipleComposedAnnotationsOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MultipleComposedAnnotationsOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MultipleComposedAnnotationsOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$BarCache
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MultipleComposedAnnotationsOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$Cacheable
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MultipleComposedAnnotationsOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$ComposedCacheInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MultipleComposedAnnotationsOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$ComposedCacheOnInterfaceAndLocalCacheClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MultipleComposedAnnotationsOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$ComposedPlusLocalCachesClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MultipleComposedAnnotationsOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$FooCache
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MultipleComposedAnnotationsOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$GenericParameter
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MultipleComposedAnnotationsOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$MultipleComposedCachesClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MultipleComposedAnnotationsOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$MultipleComposedCachesInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MultipleComposedAnnotationsOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$MultipleComposedCachesOnInterfaceClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MultipleComposedAnnotationsOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$MultipleNoninheritedComposedCachesClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MultipleComposedAnnotationsOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$NoninheritedCache1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MultipleComposedAnnotationsOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$NoninheritedCache2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MultipleComposedAnnotationsOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$StringGenericParameter
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MultipleComposedAnnotationsOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$SubMultipleComposedCachesClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MultipleComposedAnnotationsOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$SubMultipleNoninheritedComposedCachesClass
org/springframework/core/io/buffer/DataBufferUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.core.io.buffer.DataBufferUtilsTests
 org.springframework.core.io.buffer.DataBufferUtilsTests$1
 org.springframework.core.io.buffer.DataBufferUtilsTests$ZeroDemandSubscriber
org/springframework/util/comparator/InstanceComparatorTests.java
 org.springframework.util.comparator.InstanceComparatorTests
 org.springframework.util.comparator.InstanceComparatorTests$1
 org.springframework.util.comparator.InstanceComparatorTests$C1
 org.springframework.util.comparator.InstanceComparatorTests$C2
 org.springframework.util.comparator.InstanceComparatorTests$C3
 org.springframework.util.comparator.InstanceComparatorTests$C4
 org.springframework.util.comparator.InstanceComparatorTests$I1
 org.springframework.util.comparator.InstanceComparatorTests$I2
org/springframework/core/annotation/MergedAnnotationsCollectionTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsCollectionTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsCollectionTests$AliasTarget
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsCollectionTests$Aliased
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsCollectionTests$Direct
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsCollectionTests$Meta1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsCollectionTests$Meta11
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsCollectionTests$Meta2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsCollectionTests$Missing
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsCollectionTests$MultiRoute1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsCollectionTests$MultiRoute11
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsCollectionTests$MultiRoute111
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsCollectionTests$MultiRoute12
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsCollectionTests$MultiRouteTarget
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsCollectionTests$Simple
org/springframework/tests/package-info.java
 org.springframework.tests.package-info
org/springframework/core/annotation/AnnotationsScannerTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$BridgeMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$BridgedMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$GenericNonOverride
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$GenericNonOverrideInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$GenericOverride
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$GenericOverrideInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$HierarchyInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$HierarchyInterfaceInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$HierarchySuperSuperclass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$HierarchySuperSuperclassInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$HierarchySuperclass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$Ignorable
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$IgnorableOverrideInterface1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$IgnorableOverrideInterface2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$MultipleMethods
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$MultipleMethodsInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$OnInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$OnSuperClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$SingleInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$SingleSuperclass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$TestAnnotation1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$TestAnnotation2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$TestAnnotation3
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$TestAnnotation4
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$TestAnnotation5
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$TestAnnotation6
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$TestInheritedAnnotation1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$TestInheritedAnnotation2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$TestInheritedAnnotation3
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$TestInheritedAnnotation4
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$TestInheritedAnnotation5
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$WithHierarchy
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$WithMultipleAnnotations
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$WithNoAnnotations
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$WithSingleAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$WithSingleInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$WithSingleSuperclass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationsScannerTests$WithSingleSuperclassAndDoubleInherited
org/springframework/core/annotation/subpackage/NonPublicAnnotatedClass.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.subpackage.NonPublicAnnotatedClass
org/springframework/util/xml/StaxStreamXMLReaderTests.java
 org.springframework.util.xml.StaxStreamXMLReaderTests
org/springframework/core/codec/ByteArrayDecoderTests.java
 org.springframework.core.codec.ByteArrayDecoderTests
org/springframework/util/PropertyPlaceholderHelperTests.java
 org.springframework.util.PropertyPlaceholderHelperTests
org/springframework/core/io/support/ResourceArrayPropertyEditorTests.java
 org.springframework.core.io.support.ResourceArrayPropertyEditorTests
org/springframework/core/io/ResourceTests.java
 org.springframework.core.io.ResourceTests
 org.springframework.core.io.ResourceTests$1
 org.springframework.core.io.ResourceTests$2
org/springframework/core/type/StandardAnnotationMetadataTests.java
 org.springframework.core.type.StandardAnnotationMetadataTests
org/springframework/core/type/TestAutowired.java
 org.springframework.core.type.TestAutowired
org/springframework/core/annotation/subpackage/NonPublicAliasedAnnotation.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.subpackage.NonPublicAliasedAnnotation
org/springframework/core/type/ClassloadingAssertions.java
 org.springframework.core.type.ClassloadingAssertions
org/springframework/core/type/classreading/MergedAnnotationMetadataVisitorTests.java
 org.springframework.core.type.classreading.MergedAnnotationMetadataVisitorTests
 org.springframework.core.type.classreading.MergedAnnotationMetadataVisitorTests$1
 org.springframework.core.type.classreading.MergedAnnotationMetadataVisitorTests$AnnotationAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.classreading.MergedAnnotationMetadataVisitorTests$ClassAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.classreading.MergedAnnotationMetadataVisitorTests$EnumAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.classreading.MergedAnnotationMetadataVisitorTests$ExampleEnum
 org.springframework.core.type.classreading.MergedAnnotationMetadataVisitorTests$NestedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.classreading.MergedAnnotationMetadataVisitorTests$SimpleArrayTypesAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.classreading.MergedAnnotationMetadataVisitorTests$SimpleTypesAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.classreading.MergedAnnotationMetadataVisitorTests$WithAnnotationAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.classreading.MergedAnnotationMetadataVisitorTests$WithClassAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.classreading.MergedAnnotationMetadataVisitorTests$WithEnumAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.classreading.MergedAnnotationMetadataVisitorTests$WithSimpleArrayTypesAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.classreading.MergedAnnotationMetadataVisitorTests$WithSimpleEmptyArrayTypesAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.type.classreading.MergedAnnotationMetadataVisitorTests$WithSimpleTypesAnnotation
org/springframework/core/type/AnnotationTypeFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.core.type.AnnotationTypeFilterTests
org/springframework/core/io/support/ResourcePropertySourceTests.java
 org.springframework.core.io.support.ResourcePropertySourceTests
org/springframework/util/concurrent/MonoToListenableFutureAdapterTests.java
 org.springframework.util.concurrent.MonoToListenableFutureAdapterTests
org/springframework/core/style/ToStringCreatorTests.java
 org.springframework.core.style.ToStringCreatorTests
 org.springframework.core.style.ToStringCreatorTests$1
 org.springframework.core.style.ToStringCreatorTests$2
 org.springframework.core.style.ToStringCreatorTests$3
 org.springframework.core.style.ToStringCreatorTests$4
 org.springframework.core.style.ToStringCreatorTests$SomeObject
org/springframework/core/annotation/MergedAnnotationCollectorsTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationCollectorsTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationCollectorsTests$TestAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationCollectorsTests$TestAnnotations
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationCollectorsTests$WithTestAnnotations
org/springframework/core/task/SimpleAsyncTaskExecutorTests.java
 org.springframework.core.task.SimpleAsyncTaskExecutorTests
 org.springframework.core.task.SimpleAsyncTaskExecutorTests$1
 org.springframework.core.task.SimpleAsyncTaskExecutorTests$AbstractNotifyingRunnable
 org.springframework.core.task.SimpleAsyncTaskExecutorTests$NoOpRunnable
 org.springframework.core.task.SimpleAsyncTaskExecutorTests$ThreadNameHarvester
org/springframework/core/convert/converter/ConverterTests.java
 org.springframework.core.convert.converter.ConverterTests
org/springframework/util/xml/XMLEventStreamWriterTests.java
 org.springframework.util.xml.XMLEventStreamWriterTests
org/springframework/core/convert/converter/DefaultConversionServiceTests.java
 org.springframework.core.convert.converter.DefaultConversionServiceTests
 org.springframework.core.convert.converter.DefaultConversionServiceTests$1
 org.springframework.core.convert.converter.DefaultConversionServiceTests$ColorConverter
 org.springframework.core.convert.converter.DefaultConversionServiceTests$CustomNumber
 org.springframework.core.convert.converter.DefaultConversionServiceTests$Foo
 org.springframework.core.convert.converter.DefaultConversionServiceTests$ISBN
 org.springframework.core.convert.converter.DefaultConversionServiceTests$ListWrapper
 org.springframework.core.convert.converter.DefaultConversionServiceTests$SSN
 org.springframework.core.convert.converter.DefaultConversionServiceTests$SubFoo
 org.springframework.core.convert.converter.DefaultConversionServiceTests$SubFoo$1
 org.springframework.core.convert.converter.DefaultConversionServiceTests$SubFoo$2
 org.springframework.core.convert.converter.DefaultConversionServiceTests$TestEntity
org/springframework/core/annotation/PackagesAnnotationFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.PackagesAnnotationFilterTests
org/springframework/core/type/AssignableTypeFilterTests.java
 org.springframework.core.type.AssignableTypeFilterTests
org/springframework/util/xml/DomContentHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.util.xml.DomContentHandlerTests
org/springframework/core/env/SystemEnvironmentPropertySourceTests.java
 org.springframework.core.env.SystemEnvironmentPropertySourceTests
 org.springframework.core.env.SystemEnvironmentPropertySourceTests$1
 org.springframework.core.env.SystemEnvironmentPropertySourceTests$2
org/springframework/core/type/classreading/MethodMetadataReadingVisitorTests.java
 org.springframework.core.type.classreading.MethodMetadataReadingVisitorTests
org/springframework/core/io/support/SpringFactoriesLoaderTests.java
 org.springframework.core.io.support.SpringFactoriesLoaderTests
org/springframework/core/annotation/TypeMappedAnnotationTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.TypeMappedAnnotationTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.TypeMappedAnnotationTests$ArrayTypes
 org.springframework.core.annotation.TypeMappedAnnotationTests$ClassAttributes
 org.springframework.core.annotation.TypeMappedAnnotationTests$ConventionAliasMetaAnnotationTarget
 org.springframework.core.annotation.TypeMappedAnnotationTests$ConventionAliasToMetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.TypeMappedAnnotationTests$ExampleEnum
 org.springframework.core.annotation.TypeMappedAnnotationTests$ExplicitAliasMetaAnnotationTarget
 org.springframework.core.annotation.TypeMappedAnnotationTests$ExplicitAliasToMetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.TypeMappedAnnotationTests$ExplicitMirror
 org.springframework.core.annotation.TypeMappedAnnotationTests$Nested
 org.springframework.core.annotation.TypeMappedAnnotationTests$NestedContainer
 org.springframework.core.annotation.TypeMappedAnnotationTests$WithConventionAliasToMetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.TypeMappedAnnotationTests$WithExplicitAliasToMetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.TypeMappedAnnotationTests$WithExplicitMirrorA
 org.springframework.core.annotation.TypeMappedAnnotationTests$WithExplicitMirrorB
org/springframework/core/codec/NettyByteBufDecoderTests.java
 org.springframework.core.codec.NettyByteBufDecoderTests
org/springframework/util/StreamUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.util.StreamUtilsTests
org/springframework/util/NumberUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.util.NumberUtilsTests
org/springframework/util/xml/ListBasedXMLEventReaderTests.java
 org.springframework.util.xml.ListBasedXMLEventReaderTests
org/springframework/core/io/support/ResourceRegionTests.java
 org.springframework.core.io.support.ResourceRegionTests
org/springframework/util/ConcurrentReferenceHashMapTests.java
 org.springframework.util.ConcurrentReferenceHashMapTests
 org.springframework.util.ConcurrentReferenceHashMapTests$1
 org.springframework.util.ConcurrentReferenceHashMapTests$MockReference
 org.springframework.util.ConcurrentReferenceHashMapTests$TestWeakConcurrentCache
 org.springframework.util.ConcurrentReferenceHashMapTests$TestWeakConcurrentCache$1
 org.springframework.util.ConcurrentReferenceHashMapTests$ValueFactory
org/springframework/util/ExponentialBackOffTests.java
 org.springframework.util.ExponentialBackOffTests
org/springframework/core/io/PathResourceTests.java
 org.springframework.core.io.PathResourceTests
org/springframework/core/StandardReflectionParameterNameDiscoverTests.java
 org.springframework.core.StandardReflectionParameterNameDiscoverTests
 org.springframework.core.StandardReflectionParameterNameDiscoverTests$MessageService
org/springframework/util/unit/DataSizeTests.java
 org.springframework.util.unit.DataSizeTests
org/springframework/core/codec/DataBufferEncoderTests.java
 org.springframework.core.codec.DataBufferEncoderTests
org/springframework/core/type/StandardClassMetadataMemberClassTests.java
 org.springframework.core.type.StandardClassMetadataMemberClassTests
org/springframework/core/io/ClassPathResourceTests.java
 org.springframework.core.io.ClassPathResourceTests
example/type/NestedAnnotation.java
 example.type.NestedAnnotation
org/springframework/core/io/buffer/support/DataBufferTestUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.core.io.buffer.support.DataBufferTestUtilsTests
org/springframework/core/testfixture/TestGroupTests.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.TestGroupTests
org/springframework/util/ResizableByteArrayOutputStreamTests.java
 org.springframework.util.ResizableByteArrayOutputStreamTests
example/type/AnnotationTypeFilterTestsTypes.java
 example.type.AnnotationTypeFilterTestsTypes
 example.type.AnnotationTypeFilterTestsTypes$SomeClassMarkedWithNonInheritedAnnotation
 example.type.AnnotationTypeFilterTestsTypes$SomeClassWithSomeComponentInterface
 example.type.AnnotationTypeFilterTestsTypes$SomeComponent
 example.type.AnnotationTypeFilterTestsTypes$SomeComponentInterface
 example.type.AnnotationTypeFilterTestsTypes$SomeNonCandidateClass
 example.type.AnnotationTypeFilterTestsTypes$SomeSubclassOfSomeClassMarkedWithNonInheritedAnnotation
 example.type.AnnotationTypeFilterTestsTypes$SomeSubclassOfSomeComponent
org/springframework/util/comparator/NullSafeComparatorTests.java
 org.springframework.util.comparator.NullSafeComparatorTests
org/springframework/util/MimeTypeTests.java
 org.springframework.util.MimeTypeTests
org/springframework/core/annotation/MergedAnnotationsComposedOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsComposedOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsComposedOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsComposedOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$BarCache
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsComposedOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$Cacheable
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsComposedOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$ComposedCacheInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsComposedOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$ComposedCacheOnInterfaceAndLocalCacheClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsComposedOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$ComposedPlusLocalCachesClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsComposedOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$FooCache
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsComposedOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$GenericParameter
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsComposedOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$MultipleComposedCachesClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsComposedOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$MultipleComposedCachesInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsComposedOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$MultipleComposedCachesOnInterfaceClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsComposedOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$MultipleNoninheritedComposedCachesClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsComposedOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$NoninheritedCache1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsComposedOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$NoninheritedCache2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsComposedOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$StringGenericParameter
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsComposedOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$SubMultipleComposedCachesClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsComposedOnSingleAnnotatedElementTests$SubMultipleNoninheritedComposedCachesClass
org/springframework/core/type/classreading/SimpleAnnotationMetadataTests.java
 org.springframework.core.type.classreading.SimpleAnnotationMetadataTests
org/springframework/tests/sample/objects/GenericObject.java
 org.springframework.tests.sample.objects.GenericObject
example/type/InheritedAnnotation.java
 example.type.InheritedAnnotation
org/springframework/core/type/Scope.java
 org.springframework.core.type.Scope
org/springframework/core/annotation/AnnotationBackCompatibiltyTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationBackCompatibiltyTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationBackCompatibiltyTests$DefaultValueAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationBackCompatibiltyTests$MetaMetaTestAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationBackCompatibiltyTests$MetaTestAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationBackCompatibiltyTests$TestAndMetaTestAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationBackCompatibiltyTests$TestAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationBackCompatibiltyTests$TestEnum
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationBackCompatibiltyTests$WithDefaultValue
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationBackCompatibiltyTests$WithMetaMetaTestAnnotation1AndMetaTestAnnotation2
org/springframework/util/FixedBackOffTests.java
 org.springframework.util.FixedBackOffTests
org/springframework/core/annotation/MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$ComposedContainer
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$ComposedContainerClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$ComposedNoninherited
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$ComposedRepeatableClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$ComposedRepeatableMixedWithContainerClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$ContainerMissingValueAttribute
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$ContainerWithArrayValueAttributeButWrongComponentType
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$ContainerWithNonArrayValueAttribute
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$ForPetesSake
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$ForTheLoveOfFoo
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$InvalidRepeatable
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$NonRepeatable
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$Noninherited
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$NoninheritedRepeatableClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$Noninheriteds
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$PeteRepeat
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$PeteRepeats
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$RepeatableClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$SubNoninheritedRepeatableClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$SubRepeatableClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$WithRepeatedMetaAnnotations
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationsRepeatableAnnotationTests$WithRepeatedMetaAnnotationsClass
org/springframework/util/xml/StaxEventHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.util.xml.StaxEventHandlerTests
org/springframework/core/codec/ResourceRegionEncoderTests.java
 org.springframework.core.codec.ResourceRegionEncoderTests
 org.springframework.core.codec.ResourceRegionEncoderTests$1
 org.springframework.core.codec.ResourceRegionEncoderTests$ZeroDemandSubscriber
org/springframework/core/AttributeAccessorSupportTests.java
 org.springframework.core.AttributeAccessorSupportTests
 org.springframework.core.AttributeAccessorSupportTests$1
 org.springframework.core.AttributeAccessorSupportTests$SimpleAttributeAccessorSupport
org/springframework/util/FastByteArrayOutputStreamTests.java
 org.springframework.util.FastByteArrayOutputStreamTests
org/springframework/util/SocketUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.util.SocketUtilsTests
org/springframework/core/annotation/AnnotationIntrospectionFailureTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationIntrospectionFailureTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationIntrospectionFailureTests$ExampleAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationIntrospectionFailureTests$ExampleMetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationIntrospectionFailureTests$FilteredType
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationIntrospectionFailureTests$FilteringClassLoader
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationIntrospectionFailureTests$WithExampleAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationIntrospectionFailureTests$WithExampleMetaAnnotation
org/springframework/core/MethodParameterTests.java
 org.springframework.core.MethodParameterTests
 org.springframework.core.MethodParameterTests$InnerClass
 org.springframework.core.MethodParameterTests$IntegerList
 org.springframework.core.MethodParameterTests$NestedClass
 org.springframework.core.MethodParameterTests$Param
 org.springframework.core.MethodParameterTests$StringList
org/springframework/core/io/buffer/LimitedDataBufferListTests.java
 org.springframework.core.io.buffer.LimitedDataBufferListTests
org/springframework/core/annotation/MergedAnnotationClassLoaderTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationClassLoaderTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationClassLoaderTests$TestAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationClassLoaderTests$TestClassLoader
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationClassLoaderTests$TestEnum
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationClassLoaderTests$TestMetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationClassLoaderTests$TestReference
 org.springframework.core.annotation.MergedAnnotationClassLoaderTests$WithTestAnnotation
org/springframework/core/env/ProfilesTests.java
 org.springframework.core.env.ProfilesTests
 org.springframework.core.env.ProfilesTests$MockActiveProfiles
org/springframework/core/testfixture/TestGroupParsingTests.java
 org.springframework.core.testfixture.TestGroupParsingTests
org/springframework/core/env/CustomEnvironmentTests.java
 org.springframework.core.env.CustomEnvironmentTests
 org.springframework.core.env.CustomEnvironmentTests$1
 org.springframework.core.env.CustomEnvironmentTests$1CustomEnvironment
 org.springframework.core.env.CustomEnvironmentTests$2CustomEnvironment
 org.springframework.core.env.CustomEnvironmentTests$3CustomEnvironment
 org.springframework.core.env.CustomEnvironmentTests$3CustomEnvironment$1
org/springframework/core/BridgeMethodResolverTests.java
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$1
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$AbstractBounded
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$AbstractDao
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$AbstractDaoImpl
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$AbstractDateAdder
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$AbstractDomainObject
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$AbstractImplementsInterface
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$Adder
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$Bar
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$BaseClass
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$BaseEntity
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$BaseInterface
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$BaseUserInitiatedEvent
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$Boo
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$Bounded
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$Broadcaster
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$Business
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$BusinessDao
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$BusinessGenericDao
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$Channel
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$ConcreteSettings
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$ConcreteSettingsDao
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$ConvenienceGenericDao
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$ConvenientGenericRepository
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$Dao
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$DaoInterface
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$DateAdder
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$DomainObject
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$DomainObjectExtendsSuper
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$DomainObjectSuper
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$EmailMessage
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$EmailMessageProvider
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$EmailSearchConditions
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$Enclosing
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$Enclosing$Enclosed
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$Enclosing$Enclosed$ReallyDeepNow
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$EntityClass
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$EntityInterface
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$Event
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$EventBroadcaster
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$ExtendsAbstractImplementsInterface
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$ExtendsEnclosing
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$ExtendsEnclosing$ExtendsEnclosed
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$ExtendsEnclosing$ExtendsEnclosed$ExtendsReallyDeepNow
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$ExternalMessage
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$ExternalMessageProvider
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$ExternalMessageSearchConditions
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$Foo
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$FooClass
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$FooEntity
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$FooInterface
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$GenericBroadcasterImpl
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$GenericDao
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$GenericEvent
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$GenericEventBroadcasterImpl
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$GenericHibernateRepository
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$GenericParameter
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$GenericSqlMapDao
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$GenericSqlMapIntegerDao
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$HibernateRepositoryRegistry
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$Homer
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$IExternalMessageProvider
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$IGenericInterface
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$InterBar
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$MegaEvent
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$MegaMessageEvent
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$MegaMessageProducer
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$MegaMessageProducerImpl
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$MegaReceiver
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$MessageBroadcaster
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$MessageBroadcasterImpl
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$MessageEvent
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$ModifiedMegaMessageEvent
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$ModifiedMessageEvent
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$MyBar
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$MyBoo
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$MyFoo
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$MyHomer
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$NewMegaMessageEvent
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$NewMessageEvent
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$Other
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$ParameterType
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$Permission
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$Receiver
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$RemovedMessageEvent
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$RepositoryRegistry
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$SearchConditions
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$SearchProvider
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$SerializableBounded
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$SettableRepositoryRegistry
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$Settings
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$SettingsDao
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$SettingsDaoImpl
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$SimpleGenericRepository
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$StringGenericParameter
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$StringList
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$TestEmailProvider
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$User
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$UserDao
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$UserDaoImpl
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$UserInitiatedEvent
 org.springframework.core.BridgeMethodResolverTests$YourHomer
org/springframework/util/AntPathMatcherTests.java
 org.springframework.util.AntPathMatcherTests
org/springframework/util/concurrent/FutureAdapterTests.java
 org.springframework.util.concurrent.FutureAdapterTests
 org.springframework.util.concurrent.FutureAdapterTests$1
org/springframework/tests/sample/objects/package-info.java
 org.springframework.tests.sample.objects.package-info
org/springframework/util/xml/AbstractStaxHandlerTests.java
 org.springframework.util.xml.AbstractStaxHandlerTests
org/springframework/core/codec/NettyByteBufEncoderTests.java
 org.springframework.core.codec.NettyByteBufEncoderTests
org/springframework/util/comparator/InvertibleComparatorTests.java
 org.springframework.util.comparator.InvertibleComparatorTests
org/springframework/core/ParameterizedTypeReferenceTests.java
 org.springframework.core.ParameterizedTypeReferenceTests
 org.springframework.core.ParameterizedTypeReferenceTests$1
 org.springframework.core.ParameterizedTypeReferenceTests$2
 org.springframework.core.ParameterizedTypeReferenceTests$3
org/springframework/core/CollectionFactoryTests.java
 org.springframework.core.CollectionFactoryTests
 org.springframework.core.CollectionFactoryTests$Color
org/springframework/core/codec/ByteBufferEncoderTests.java
 org.springframework.core.codec.ByteBufferEncoderTests
org/springframework/core/io/support/MyDummyFactory1.java
 org.springframework.core.io.support.MyDummyFactory1
org/springframework/core/env/JOptCommandLinePropertySourceTests.java
 org.springframework.core.env.JOptCommandLinePropertySourceTests
 org.springframework.core.env.JOptCommandLinePropertySourceTests$OptionEnum
org/springframework/core/annotation/RepeatableContainersTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.RepeatableContainersTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.RepeatableContainersTests$ExplicitContainer
 org.springframework.core.annotation.RepeatableContainersTests$ExplicitRepeatable
 org.springframework.core.annotation.RepeatableContainersTests$InvalidNoValue
 org.springframework.core.annotation.RepeatableContainersTests$InvalidNotArray
 org.springframework.core.annotation.RepeatableContainersTests$InvalidWrongArrayType
 org.springframework.core.annotation.RepeatableContainersTests$NonRepeatable
 org.springframework.core.annotation.RepeatableContainersTests$StandardContainer
 org.springframework.core.annotation.RepeatableContainersTests$StandardRepeatable
 org.springframework.core.annotation.RepeatableContainersTests$WithExplicitRepeatables
 org.springframework.core.annotation.RepeatableContainersTests$WithNonRepeatable
 org.springframework.core.annotation.RepeatableContainersTests$WithSingleStandardRepeatable
 org.springframework.core.annotation.RepeatableContainersTests$WithStandardRepeatables
org/springframework/core/annotation/ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests$ComposedContainer
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests$ComposedContainerClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests$ComposedNoninherited
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests$ComposedRepeatableClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests$ComposedRepeatableMixedWithContainerClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests$ContainerMissingValueAttribute
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests$ContainerWithArrayValueAttributeButWrongComponentType
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests$ContainerWithNonArrayValueAttribute
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests$ForPetesSake
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests$ForTheLoveOfFoo
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests$InvalidRepeatable
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests$NonRepeatable
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests$Noninherited
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests$NoninheritedRepeatableClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests$Noninheriteds
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests$PeteRepeat
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests$PeteRepeats
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests$RepeatableClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests$SubNoninheritedRepeatableClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.ComposedRepeatableAnnotationsTests$SubRepeatableClass
org/springframework/util/CompositeIteratorTests.java
 org.springframework.util.CompositeIteratorTests
org/springframework/core/io/support/MyDummyFactory2.java
 org.springframework.core.io.support.MyDummyFactory2
org/springframework/core/env/StandardEnvironmentTests.java
 org.springframework.core.env.StandardEnvironmentTests
 org.springframework.core.env.StandardEnvironmentTests$1
 org.springframework.core.env.StandardEnvironmentTests$2
 org.springframework.core.env.StandardEnvironmentTests$3
org/springframework/util/AutoPopulatingListTests.java
 org.springframework.util.AutoPopulatingListTests
 org.springframework.util.AutoPopulatingListTests$1
 org.springframework.util.AutoPopulatingListTests$MockElementFactory
org/springframework/util/LinkedCaseInsensitiveMapTests.java
 org.springframework.util.LinkedCaseInsensitiveMapTests
org/springframework/core/type/AbstractClassMetadataMemberClassTests.java
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractClassMetadataMemberClassTests
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractClassMetadataMemberClassTests$L0_a
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractClassMetadataMemberClassTests$L0_b
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractClassMetadataMemberClassTests$L0_b$L1
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractClassMetadataMemberClassTests$L0_c
 org.springframework.core.type.AbstractClassMetadataMemberClassTests$L0_c$L1
org/springframework/util/ReflectionUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.util.ReflectionUtilsTests
 org.springframework.util.ReflectionUtilsTests$1
 org.springframework.util.ReflectionUtilsTests$1C
 org.springframework.util.ReflectionUtilsTests$1Foo
 org.springframework.util.ReflectionUtilsTests$1Leaf
 org.springframework.util.ReflectionUtilsTests$1Parent
 org.springframework.util.ReflectionUtilsTests$2Foo
 org.springframework.util.ReflectionUtilsTests$A
 org.springframework.util.ReflectionUtilsTests$B
 org.springframework.util.ReflectionUtilsTests$ListSavingMethodCallback
 org.springframework.util.ReflectionUtilsTests$TestObjectSubclass
 org.springframework.util.ReflectionUtilsTests$TestObjectSubclassWithFinalField
 org.springframework.util.ReflectionUtilsTests$TestObjectSubclassWithNewField
 org.springframework.util.ReflectionUtilsTests$TestObjectSubclassWithPublicField
org/springframework/core/annotation/AnnotationUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AbstractDoesNotImplementInterfaceWithAnnotatedMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AliasForAttributeOfDifferentType
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AliasForAttributeOfDifferentTypeClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AliasForAttributeWithDifferentDefaultValue
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AliasForAttributeWithDifferentDefaultValueClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AliasForNonexistentAttribute
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AliasForNonexistentAttributeClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AliasForWithDuplicateAttributeDeclaration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AliasForWithDuplicateAttributeDeclarationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AliasForWithMirroredAliasForWrongAttribute
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AliasForWithMirroredAliasForWrongAttributeClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AliasForWithMissingAttributeDeclaration
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AliasForWithMissingAttributeDeclarationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AliasForWithMissingDefaultValues
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AliasForWithMissingDefaultValuesClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AliasForWithoutMirroredAliasFor
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AliasForWithoutMirroredAliasForClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AliasedComposedContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AliasedComposedContextConfigNotMetaPresent
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AliasedComposedContextConfigNotMetaPresentClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AnnotatedInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AnnotationWithDefaults
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$AnnotationWithoutDefaults
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$BaseClassWithGenericAnnotatedMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$CharsContainer
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ClassWithInheritedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ClassWithInheritedMetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ClassWithLocalMetaAnnotationAndMetaAnnotatedInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ComponentScan
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ComponentScanClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ComponentScanSingleFilter
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ComponentScanSingleFilterClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ConfigHierarchyTestCase
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ContextConfigMismatch
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$DeprecatedClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ExtendsBaseClassWithGenericAnnotatedMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$Filter
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$Foo
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$Get
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$GroovyImplicitAliasesContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$GroupOfCharsClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$Hierarchy
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ImplementsInterfaceWithAnnotatedMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ImplementsInterfaceWithGenericAnnotatedMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ImplicitAliasesContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ImplicitAliasesForAliasPairContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ImplicitAliasesForAliasPairContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ImplicitAliasesWithDifferentDefaultValuesContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ImplicitAliasesWithDifferentDefaultValuesContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ImplicitAliasesWithDuplicateValuesContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ImplicitAliasesWithDuplicateValuesContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ImplicitAliasesWithImpliedAliasNamesOmittedContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ImplicitAliasesWithMissingDefaultValuesContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ImplicitAliasesWithMissingDefaultValuesContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$InheritedAnnotationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$InheritedAnnotationInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$InterfaceWithAnnotatedMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$InterfaceWithGenericAnnotatedMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$InterfaceWithMetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$InterfaceWithRepeated
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$Leaf
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$Location1ImplicitAliasesContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$Location2ImplicitAliasesContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$Location3ImplicitAliasesContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$LocationsImplicitAliasesWithImpliedAliasNamesOmittedContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$Meta1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$Meta2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$MetaCycle1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$MetaCycle2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$MetaCycle3
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$MetaCycleAnnotatedClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$MetaMeta
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$MetaMetaAnnotatedClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$MetaMetaMeta
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$MetaMetaMetaAnnotatedClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$MyRepeatable
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$MyRepeatableClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$MyRepeatableContainer
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$MyRepeatableMeta1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$MyRepeatableMeta1And2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$MyRepeatableMeta2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$NonAnnotatedClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$NonAnnotatedInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$NonInheritedAnnotationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$NonInheritedAnnotationInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$Post
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$RequestMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$Root
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$SimpleConfigTestCase
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$SimpleFoo
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$SubClassWithInheritedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$SubClassWithInheritedMetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$SubInheritedAnnotationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$SubInheritedAnnotationInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$SubMyRepeatableClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$SubMyRepeatableWithAdditionalLocalDeclarationsClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$SubNonInheritedAnnotationClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$SubNonInheritedAnnotationInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$SubOfAbstractImplementsInterfaceWithAnnotatedMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$SubOfImplementsInterfaceWithAnnotatedMethod
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$SubSubClassWithInheritedAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$SubSubClassWithInheritedMetaAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$SubSubInheritedAnnotationInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$SubSubMyRepeatableWithAdditionalLocalDeclarationsClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$SubSubNonInheritedAnnotationInterface
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$SubTransactionalAndOrderedClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$SubclassOfDeprecatedClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$TestRepeatable
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$TestRepeatableContainer
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$TestRepeatablesClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$Transactional
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$TransactionalAndOrderedClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$TransactionalClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$TransitiveImplicitAliasesContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$TransitiveImplicitAliasesContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$TransitiveImplicitAliasesForAliasPairContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$TransitiveImplicitAliasesForAliasPairContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$TransitiveImplicitAliasesWithImpliedAliasNamesOmittedContextConfig
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ValueImplicitAliasesContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$ValueImplicitAliasesWithImpliedAliasNamesOmittedContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$WebController
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$WebMapping
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$XmlFilesImplicitAliasesWithImpliedAliasNamesOmittedContextConfigClass
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationUtilsTests$XmlImplicitAliasesContextConfigClass
org/springframework/core/type/StandardMethodMetadataTests.java
 org.springframework.core.type.StandardMethodMetadataTests
org/springframework/core/PrioritizedParameterNameDiscovererTests.java
 org.springframework.core.PrioritizedParameterNameDiscovererTests
 org.springframework.core.PrioritizedParameterNameDiscovererTests$1
 org.springframework.core.PrioritizedParameterNameDiscovererTests$2
org/springframework/core/ResolvableTypeTests.java
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$1
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$AbstractBase
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$Assignment
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$AssignmentBase
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$BaseImplementation
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$BaseProvider
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$Constructors
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$EnclosedInParameterizedType
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$EnclosedInParameterizedType$InnerRaw
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$EnclosedInParameterizedType$InnerTyped
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$ExtendsList
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$ExtendsMap
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$ExtendsMySimpleInterfaceTypeWithImplementsRaw
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$Fields
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$IBase
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$IProvider
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$ListOfGenericArray
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$Methods
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$MyCollectionInterfaceType
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$MyCollectionSuperclassType
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$MyGenericInterfaceType
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$MyInterfaceType
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$MySimpleInterfaceType
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$MySimpleInterfaceTypeWithImplementsRaw
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$MySimpleSuperclassType
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$MySuperclassType
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$RawExtendsWildcard
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$ResolvableTypeAssert
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$TypedConstructors
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$TypedEnclosedInParameterizedType
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$TypedEnclosedInParameterizedType$TypedInnerTyped
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$TypedFields
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$TypedMethods
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$UnresolvedWithGenerics
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$VariableNameSwitch
 org.springframework.core.ResolvableTypeTests$Wildcard
org/springframework/core/style/DefaultValueStylerTests.java
 org.springframework.core.style.DefaultValueStylerTests
org/springframework/util/FileSystemUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.util.FileSystemUtilsTests
org/springframework/core/codec/DataBufferDecoderTests.java
 org.springframework.core.codec.DataBufferDecoderTests
org/springframework/core/type/classreading/AnnotationMetadataReadingVisitorTests.java
 org.springframework.core.type.classreading.AnnotationMetadataReadingVisitorTests
example/type/NonInheritedAnnotation.java
 example.type.NonInheritedAnnotation
org/springframework/util/ObjectUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.util.ObjectUtilsTests
 org.springframework.util.ObjectUtilsTests$Tropes
org/springframework/core/OrderComparatorTests.java
 org.springframework.core.OrderComparatorTests
 org.springframework.core.OrderComparatorTests$StubOrdered
 org.springframework.core.OrderComparatorTests$StubPriorityOrdered
 org.springframework.core.OrderComparatorTests$TestSourceProvider
org/springframework/core/type/TestQualifier.java
 org.springframework.core.type.TestQualifier
org/springframework/core/annotation/AnnotationTypeMappingsTests.java
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$A
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AA
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AB
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$ABC
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AliasForNonMetaAnnotated
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AliasForNonMetaAnnotatedTarget
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AliasForSelfWithDifferentDefaults
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AliasForSelfWithMissingDefault
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AliasForToOtherNonExistingAttribute
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AliasForToOtherNonExistingAttributeTarget
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AliasForToSelf
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AliasForToSelfAnnotatedToOtherAttribute
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AliasForToSelfNonExistingAttribute
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AliasForWithArrayCompatibleReturnTypes
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AliasForWithArrayCompatibleReturnTypesTarget
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AliasForWithBothValueAndAttribute
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AliasForWithIncompatibleReturnTypes
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AliasForWithIncompatibleReturnTypesTarget
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AliasForWithMixedImplicitAndExplicitAliasesV1
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AliasForWithMixedImplicitAndExplicitAliasesV2
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AliasPair
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AliasWithExplicitMirrorAndDifferentDefaults
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$AliasWithExplicitMirrorAndDifferentDefaultsTarget
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$B
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$ClassArrayValueWithDefault
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$ClassValue
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$ClassValueWithDefault
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$ConventionToExplicitAliases
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$ConventionToExplicitAliasesTarget
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$DefinedAttributes
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$DefinedAttributesTarget
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$ImplicitMirrors
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$ImplicitMirrorsTarget
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$LoopA
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$LoopB
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$Mapped
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$MappedTarget
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$MetaAnnotated
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$MultipleRoutesToAliasA
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$MultipleRoutesToAliasB
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$MultipleRoutesToAliasC
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$NestedValue
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$Repeating
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$Repeatings
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$SelfAnnotated
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$SimpleAnnotation
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$ThreeDeepA
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$ThreeDeepB
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$ThreeDeepC
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$WithAliasPairA
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$WithAliasPairB
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$WithDefaultValueAliasPair
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$WithDifferentValueAliasPair
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$WithRepeatedMetaAnnotations
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$WithSameValueAliasPair
 org.springframework.core.annotation.AnnotationTypeMappingsTests$WithSpringLangAnnotation
org/springframework/core/env/MutablePropertySourcesTests.java
 org.springframework.core.env.MutablePropertySourcesTests
org/springframework/util/FileCopyUtilsTests.java
 org.springframework.util.FileCopyUtilsTests
org/springframework/core/io/buffer/PooledDataBufferTests.java
 org.springframework.core.io.buffer.PooledDataBufferTests
 org.springframework.core.io.buffer.PooledDataBufferTests$PooledByteBufAllocatorWithPreferDirectFalseTests
 org.springframework.core.io.buffer.PooledDataBufferTests$PooledByteBufAllocatorWithPreferDirectTrueTests
 org.springframework.core.io.buffer.PooledDataBufferTests$PooledDataBufferTestingTrait
 org.springframework.core.io.buffer.PooledDataBufferTests$UnpooledByteBufAllocatorWithPreferDirectFalseTests
 org.springframework.core.io.buffer.PooledDataBufferTests$UnpooledByteBufAllocatorWithPreferDirectTrueTests
